Loading Levels from the Custom Level Menu
=========================================


There are two ways to get levels to appear in the "Single Player-->
Custom Level" menu:

I.   Levels in the "Worlds\Custom" Directory
II.  Levels in Other "Worlds" Directories


===================================================================

I.   Levels in the "Worlds\Custom" Directory

Levels (.dat files) placed in a "Worlds\Custom" directory, or any
subdirectory inside "Worlds\Custom," will show up in the Custom
World menu if the game is run with the "-rez avp2" command-line
option.*

Step-by-step:

    1) Create a folder named "Custom" inside your
    GameDirPath\AVP2\Worlds folder.
    2) Insert the desired .dat files here. You can also place .dat
    files in subdirectories inside this "Custom" folder.
    3) Run avp2.exe.
    4) Click the "Options" button in the launcher window.
    5) Type "-rez avp2" in the "Command-Line" field.
    6) Check the "Always specify these command-line parameters" box
    if you want levels to show up on the "Custom Level" screen each
    time you run the game.

Now when you launch the game you should see levels placed in the
"Custom" folder or its subdirectories listed in the Custom Level
screen. To load a listed level, click on its name. You can scroll
the list with the Up/Down Arrow and Page Up/Down keys.

If you want to work with levels in the Custom folder directly using
DEdit, you'll need to place a "DirTypeWorlds" file in the Custom
folder and in any subdirectories. You can use a copy of any of the
"DirTypeWorlds" files in the SinglePlayer or Multi directory trees,
or just create your own by making an empty text file and renaming
it "DirTypeWorlds":

    1) Browse to the Custom folder in Windows Explorer.
    2) Open the Custom folder.
    3) Right-click on the open folder's window background.
    4) Select "New-->Text Document" from the pop-up menu.
    5) Enter "DirTypeWorlds" as the file name, with no extension.
    6) Run DEdit.
    7) Open the AVP2 project.
    8) Click the "Worlds" tab.

"Custom" should show up in the directory tree and you will now be
able to create and load .ed files in that directory.


===================================================================

II.  Levels in Other "Worlds" Directories

Levels (.dat files) in the "Worlds" directory or any of its
subdirectories will show up in the Custom World menu if the game is
run with the "-rez avp2" and "+enableretaillevels 1" command-line
options.*

    1) Run avp2.exe.
    2) Click the "Options" button in the launcher window.
    3) Type "-rez avp2 +enableretaillevels 1" in the "Command-Line"
    field.
    4) Check the "Always specify these command-line parameters" box
    if you want levels to show up on the "Custom Level" screen each
    time you run the game.

Now when you launch the game you should see all .dat files in your
Worlds directory or subdirectories listed in the Custom Level
screen. To load a listed level, click on its name. You can scroll
the list with the Up/Down Arrow and Page Up/Down keys.


===================================================================

* NOTE: As of AVP2 version 1.0.9.3, the Custom Level menu does not
show levels which are inside .rez files. Future versions of AVP2
may add the ability to load levels inside .rez files through the
Custom Level screen.
